# Nature-2026-02-06005-
#Therapeutic depletion of pathogenic fibroblasts leads to target tissue reset in immune-mediated inflammatory diseases

#data for replicating this analysis can be found:
Processed scRNA-seq data derived from publicly available RA and control synovial datasets will be made available upon publication via Zenodo. 

#The following murine arthritis data sets are deposited in the GEO repository: Bulk RNA-seq data generated for Figure 1 and Extended Data Figure 4, accession number: GSE319675; the single cell RNA-seq data generated for Figure 2, 5 and Extended Data Figure 5, 9, accession number: GSE319673; Bulk RNA- and ATAC-seq data for Figure 3 and Extended Data Figure 6, accession number GSE319678; Single cell RNA-seq data for Figure 4 and Extended Data Figure 7, 8, accession number GSE319501; the synovial fibroblast atlas data in Figure 4 and Extended Data Figure 8 was generated by our group for other publications; accession numbers include GSE230145, GSE230145, GSE301356, GSE185711. 
Resting CD45 positive and negative samples used in Figure 2, 5 and Extended Data Figure 5, 9 are already publicly available in GSE185711 using resting samples 2 & 3 and not 1. Resting sample 3 used in our study was retained from GSE301356.
Single cell RNA-seq FAPaCAR-T treated salivary gland data in Figure 6 and Extended Data Figure 10, accession number GSE320028; the resting and non-treated salivary gland single cell RNA-seq data.

#For peer review - Reviewer tokens are located in the main manuscript text.


#The packages used for analysis are listed in the individual code files.


#Expected output: All the main outputs are plots from the above packages depicting bulk RNA and ATAC gene expression/scRNAseq gene expression. All figure analysis is described and titled in the code files.

#Expected run time: Runtime will vary, analysis was performed using a HPC with an R session of about 160 gb of RAM
